[Music]
how familiar products looked when they
first appeared today you can hardly find
someone who hasn't seen an Apple or
Samsung device that's how quickly he
became ingrained in our everyday lives
however many of the brand's you know and
love today had different looks when they
first appeared let's take a quick jump
into the past and see how 22 famous
products looked when they were first
invented or introduced to the public
did you know that in the late 1600s you
had to cleanse contraceptives in milk
watch the video to find out more
number 22 the first Apple computer the
first ever Apple computer was called
Apple one Steve Jobs sold his VW
Microbus which was the only means of
transport he had to be able to pay for
his Apple once creation the invention
was brought into the public eye in 1976
at one of the computer clubs in
California quickly after that Apple one
went on sale at a price of six hundred
and sixty six dollars and sixty six
cents you can still find an original
Apple one computer in some museums for
example in the Computer History Museum
in California number 21 the first Ford
car the first ever Ford car was called
model 8 and looked quite fancy as you
can see the automobile was produced to
1903 model a was described as the most
reliable machine in the world and cost
about 800 to 900 dollars later it was
replaced by the next innovation model
see
number 20 the first Bosch refrigerator
the first Bosch electrical frigerator
was produced in 1933 the advertisements
described it as practical elegant and
full of character the model was truly
interesting and unusual looking
it had a big rounded shape at that time
it wasn't that successful not many
people could afford an electric
refrigerator
therefore Bosch continued to surprise
its customers and quickly evolved into
the big company we all know today number
19 the first samsung TV the first
samsung TV was a 12-inch black-and-white
model called p 3202
the TV was quite long but looked very
neat and stylish sales quickly started
to pick up making P 3202 an undeniable
market leader of its time
number 18 the first siemens mobile
telephone siemens started their cell
phone production with the model called
mobile telephone c1 which was launched
in 1985 it was made out of metal and had
a loudspeaker for headphones the model
was eventually upgraded and improved and
in 1994 the new siemens s1 was produced
number 17 the first version of Microsoft
Windows the long history of Microsoft
Windows goes back to 1985 when Microsoft
1.0 was released among other things the
system also ran graphical programs
designed for Windows the company got
lots of positive responses from the
public on their product however some
critics weren't happy either way
Microsoft 1.0 laid the foundation for
one of the most successful companies in
the world
number 16 the first IKEA catalog
everybody has seen an IKEA catalog at
least once who doesn't enjoy looking at
good furniture and nicely decorated
rooms right but not everyone knows that
the first IKEA catalog was published in
1951 this little idea helped the company
draw attention to their products and
made them even more popular number 15
the first canon camera in 2014 canon
celebrated the 80th anniversary of their
first ever camera Quine on it was
introduced to the market in 1934 and got
its name from the Buddhist goddess of
mercy there was also a small engraving
of the thousand armed Qin on on the top
of the camera number 14 the first Lego
toy Lego released a whole set of wooden
toys back in 1935 the set contained the
wooden duck the first-ever Lego toy it
had rolling wheels and a strength to
move the toy long the wooden dock is
still considered to be one of the most
popular toys ever made by Lego number 13
the first harley-davidson motorcycle in
the beginning harley-davidson was just a
small company among many others in 1903
they produced their first motorcycle
called model 1 the 1st motorcycles
looked a lot like bicycles but with each
model more and more features were
developed today the name harley-davidson
is perceived as the synonym of freedom
and the company attained a truly iconic
status
number 12 the first Starbucks coffee
shop the first Starbucks was opened in
1971 in downtown Seattle it's usually
called the original Starbucks later this
cafe moved to 1912 Pike Place where it's
located to this day so if you feel like
it you can still come to the original
store and buy your favorite coffee
number 11 the first HP laptop the first
HP laptop called HP 110 came out in 1984
the launch of it was quite a leap
forward for the whole industry the
compact laptop had a long screen
convenient keyboard a chargeable battery
the biggest memory among two portable
computers of that time
[Music]
number 10 the first Nivea cream
the first cream of this widely known
brand was put out to the masses in 1911
it was based on water and oil and
smelled like roses and lilies the
creators decided to name their product
Nivea which means snow-white in Latin
the rest of the story is history the
cream won over multiple fans including
some famous faces like Marilyn Monroe
number 9 the first Sega console the
first console by the famous Sega company
was called sg-1000 it was released in
1983 and worked with cartridges later
Sega launched another version of the
console with the built-in keyboard even
though this product wasn't commercially
successful it's still one of the most
interesting pages in the company's
history number 8 the first Chanel
perfume the iconic Chanel number 5 was
launched in 1921 by the outstanding Coco
Chanel originally there were 10 samples
of the upcoming perfume all of them were
introduced to Coco Chanel and she picked
number 5 the fragrance was sold in Nice
bottles only in Chanel boutiques the
perfume became popular in no time and it
still regarded as the epitome of
elegance and class
number seven the first Sony video camera
the first Sony camera hvc - f1 came out
in 1981 just like all of the other
cameras of that time it was heavy and
fairly expensive but made high-quality
videos the camera allowed you to record
videos with horizontal resolution of 300
lines and on an optical zoom number 6
the first vogue cover the first vogue
issue was published in 1892 it was in
United States's weekly newspaper and
cost around 10 cents 1892 s vogue
targeted an upper-class and mostly male
audience now the concept of vogue has
changed and it is developed into one of
the most popular women's magazines
frequently called the fashion bible
number five the first Philips shaver
fili shave 773 0 a simply designed
shaver was introduced to the masses at a
trade fair in the Netherlands in 1939
the product quickly picked up the
nickname cigar after the success of
filler shave 773 0 the company put out
other improved models the company used
the name filler shave up until 2006 now
every product is rebranded as Philips
number four the first Barbie doll
the first Barbie doll was made by
American toy company Mattel incorporated
and came out in 1959 the doll was shown
to the public at the American
International Toy Fair on March 9th the
first-ever Barbie wore a zebra striped
swimsuit and had a ponytail in 1959 you
could buy both brunette and blonde
Barbies the toy became hugely popular
and it maintains its success to this day
number three the first Apple smartphone
the first ever iPhone came out in 2007
with promising advertisements such as
this is only the beginning and Apple
reinvents the phone both of them were
true multiple people waited outside
Apple stores for days waiting for the
iPhones launch and they were not
disappointed it's been 10 years but
Apple still creates a stir with each one
of their new products success in its
purest form number two the first Colgate
toothpaste the first toothpaste by
Colgate was an antiseptic dental powder
it came in jars and was put out in 1873
as the label on the jar said the
toothpaste was recommended by leading
dentists later
Colgate started to produce their
toothpaste in tubes as we know it today
number 1 the first condom the first
contraceptive items were made for
sheepskin and used in Sweden in the
1600s instructions for it have even been
preserved in which it's recommended that
it be cleaned using warm milk to help
the user avoid catching a venereal
disease thank God we live in the 21st
century which one of these debuts do you
like the most
tell us in the comments below and if you
want to see more interesting and fun
videos like this then click subscribe to
join us on the bright side of life don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and share it with your friends